I'm going to walk you through three
different mission controls that can
power your open claw. Each of them have
different features and capabilities, but
one thing remains true that if you
implement these in your life and
business, it will have substantial
impacts on your entire productivity. Not
only will you be able to save more time,
but you'll be able to make more money,
if you can leverage these tools powered
by your own open clock. We are going to
start with the easiest and most basic
mission control and work our way up to
the very end where I'll show you the
most complex mission control if you want
the full capabilities and impact that
this can have for you. And if you stay
till the end of this video, I'm even
going to rebuild one of these mission
controls to show you exactly step by
step on how I would go about replicating
this for yourself. A couple weeks ago, I
recorded a similar video that I'll link
in the description that was essentially
how I built my own Clawbot and OpenClaw
to work for me and my business. And
we'll start with probably the most basic
one here. This is by uh Katherine as you
can see. And what you can see really
nicely is Friend Center. They have a few
different agent avatars. And so you can
see they have a chief of staff. Um this
seems to be a consistent thing. Um chief
of staff tends to be used for the kind
of ultimate open claw. So this is the
open claw that you're going to be
communicating with. and that kind of
runs the rest of the sub agents. And
I'll kind of talk a bit more about that.
Um, but you can see a really interesting
and clean design here. They're kind of
going for the clawed UI look, but this
this focus here seems to be around
spinning up your own sub agents. And
what a sub agent is is essentially while
your main open claw is going and doing
the tasks and communicating with you,
you can have sub agents spun up in the
background that can go do tasks while
you're while you're working and while
you're communicating. And so allowing
you to actually control and seeing your
different sub agents. As you can see,
they have one for analytics, they have
one for content, they have one for a
Shopify developer, one for React. You
can see here that they have different
conversations with each agent. This is
controlled all through their their uh
mission control. You can make sure that
everything's running smoothly. And so,
all this stuff wouldn't be possible
natively through OpenClaw. You know,
trying to manage this in Slack or notion
would be very challenging. And so, this
user here has done a great job of
building their own tool to manage
different agents in their mission
control. It looks like they also have an
activity log which I don't think they've
included a screenshot of but and then
also the tasks. You can also see here
they have the chat decisions cron and
cost for each um agent which I think is
really interesting because basically
what this means is chat is pretty basic.
That's how you're communicating with the
agent. Decisions are the decisions that
probably require the user's input. Prons
are basically the repetitive tasks that
each agent is designated to and then
obviously the cost. And so you'll be
able to basically see the breakdown of
each agent's cost and then compare that
to the total cost of all your different
models and agents. Um, so I think this
is a great first one to replicate. It's
pretty simple. It's mainly based on
spinning up sub agents. And so this may
not be applicable to everybody, but if
this is something you're looking to do,
I think this is a really great use case
for a mission control. Okay, next we are
going to take a look at this mission
control which has actually been going
semiviral. I've been seeing it quite a
lot and I also saw they do they did did
a breakdown video of this mission
control which I can link um in the
description. But essentially this one
you can as you can see quite a bit more
complex. It's front and center they have
kind of the tasks that these the open
claw is intended to do. You have
different tagging mechanisms. You can
track the progress. You can see how many
agents are live. Similarly, they also
have the different agent breakdowns. And
so same kind of idea as the first one.
You can see the different agents that
are doing which tasks. And you can see
that they're also you're able to filter
by the different agents which is super
cool. And so I think this is similar
like similar use case. I think UI is a
little bit more task focused on this one
where the other one is a little bit more
broken out. And it looks like they've
actually gone ahead and actually
productized this mission control. And so
if you wanted to actually use this exact
one, you could and I'll include that
link in the description. Um starts at
$99 a month. Um it also includes some of
the agents as well. So you can go ahead
and have these preset agents which you
know it could be handy but ultimately
you can probably do this pretty easily
yourself. And you can see there's a
whole setup to how to connect um your
bot, how to create uh different prompts
and provisions, how to create your
different settings and guidelines. And
you also have the live activity feed
here as you can see. So you can see
which agents are getting things done at
what time. And so this is really when
things become a lot more powerful,
right? You go from just a single chat
interface like Slack to all of a sudden
now you have different agents completing
different tasks throughout the day. And
you can see it all here right on your
live feed. So I think that's super
great. You can also check the memory,
the docs, the chat, all the stuff right
in your own mission control. Here you
can also see um the activity details um
of each task. So it looks like you can
click in here and you can see um the
activity details for that sub agent. So
similarly you can kind of probably
comment and leave comments for each task
and for each agent which is very cool.
And here looks like an expanded view of
that task details. And so you can kind
of see the agent and the human
communicating and going through the
different details of each task. Um, so
again, this gets way more uh specific
and right down to the point rather than
having to kind of backtrack into
different Slack threads or whatever. Um,
this gives you one detailed kind of view
of that task in the comments um that are
required. Okay, last but not least, we
have the king of openclaw right now,
Alex Finn. Now, his mission control is
very built out um and it highlights a
lot of different use cases. So, we'll
start first here with the meet the team.
Um, for some reason, he has this kind of
mission statement, um, which I think he
believes that will make it make the
agents know how what mission they're
working towards, which is debatably
something that, you know, you could
have. Um, but again, here he has the
main chief of staff agent followed by
some of the sub agents that are spun out
of it, as well as the ability to pause
them, to ping them, and to refresh it.
But what Alex has done really nicely is
he's actually broken this out a lot more
in this article, which I can link below.
So, first off, we have the task board.
So you can see these different tasks are
assigned to different agents. You can
see I think by the letters. So Henry is
being his main bot and then I guess ones
that A could be for Alex. So those could
be his his tasks. But ultimately this is
kind of the all-in-one task board for
him and his agents. Um which is really
cool. Moving over to content. Obviously
he has a massive content pipeline and so
this is something I could see a lot of
content creators doing which is having
their own content pipeline. Ultimately
you can actually have OpenClaw manage
this and create content for you. Right.
So, I've talked about in the past that I
now use my open claw in order to create
me written content. I feed it my YouTube
video and it's able to spun out a bunch
of different content. And so, I could
see a content pipeline like this making
a lot of sense. So, this is his cron job
calendar, which I actually haven't seen
before. But essentially, what this is
does is it shows like different cron
jobs he's running and the scheduled time
that they're going to run. You can see
each day what the different tasks are
that the open claw is going to run. Here
he has his daily journal. This is
something that I've actually done. Right
now I run this through notion but I do
have plans on building my own. Here you
can see each day open claw will log
different things um in order to keep
track of memory because this is one of
the probably the weakest points of
openclaw right now is just being able to
remember things and so having this kind
of memory dayby-day journal is a really
useful thing and being able to view the
journal every day is also useful. And
then kind of back to the my team thing
you can see here um where he um has all
the different agents. It looks like he
has a coding agent which uses codec. So
that's really cool. And finally, it
looks like he has built his own office.
Now, I couldn't tell you necessarily
what the purpose of this is beyond just
a cool interface, but I think the idea
here is being able to see which agents
are working. So, now we're going to
rebuild one of these mission controls in
Lovable. Now, the reason I like to build
this in Lovable is because I find that
one, it's a lot more expensive to use
OpenClaw and credits burns a lot
quicker. Two, the design is a way less
polished. And three, with Levelville, we
have full control of hosting visibility,
all the database infrastructure that's
required. And so it makes it a lot
easier to get this up and running. I'm
going to feed the article here to my
OpenClaw. And I'm going to say based on
this article, generate a prompt for
lovable to recreate this mission control
dashboard. Okay, so OpenClaw fed me this
prompt here. Okay, so we're going to
take this, we're going to copy this.
I'll bring this into Lovable. And the
reason I want to use Lovable is because
of exactly this reason. Literally, I'm
going to be able to have a my own
dashboard and probably just a few
prompts. That first prompt is really
going to set the foundation. Now, if you
want to understand how to actually
connect your open cloth to your lovable
app, I've already done a video on this
and I'll link it down below.
Essentially, you just use the Superbase
API and connect it to your Open Claw.
That way, they can communicate back and
forth. Okay, so after a couple minutes
here, we have our first version. And you
can see it's already looking very nice.
And this is exactly the reason I love
using Lovable is because in one shot I'm
able to get this really clean looking
dashboard with all these different
pages. This is looking phenomenal. I
actually can't lie. So let's go through
this. Um the dashboard basically has
kind of a recap of what's in the tasks,
what's in the content, what's in the
upcoming events, agent activity, etc.
You're able to click into each and see
the different team members, which is
really nice as well. Now, as for
activity log, I could see the um
activity log. Obviously, all this is
dummy data, so I don't want people in
the comments. I know. But again, if you
want to connect this, I had a video
demonstrating exactly how to connect
this to your Open Claw that we shot a
couple weeks ago. We'll link that um in
the comments or or put it up here. But
here you can have see the upcoming uh
what's what's upcoming. So, you could
probably make this your upcoming cron
jobs, maybe some calls, maybe content
that it needs to think about. So, this
is really nice. You have your tasks. Um
this will be you can tag this by agency,
content, education, personal. This is
really nice. You can see that it's
marked Astra or you. Um, so in my case,
you know, you can see the tasks there
are marked for me versus my agent. Um,
content, we can see ideas, scripting,
thumbnails, all that. Um, probably even
Okay, we haven't gotten that far, but I
hypothetically you could probably build
a nice little details view. This is the
calendar. Um, so you can probably see
again all the cron jobs and tasks that
are due. Memory, we have our daily
memory. Again, this is all in one
prompt, so you can't expect it to have
every single detailed page. But again,
you easily just be able to click and
create like a page where you can
actually edit this and view it. Same
with team. You can see that we have
Astra as your chief of staff. Then we
can create these other sub agents here
as well. Um, I'm sure you can also add a
button to be able to add these things.
Contacts. These would be other people on
each team. So, it knows who to
reference. In my case, I actually
connected it to my Slack and so you can
actually go and message those people
directly, which is really cool. And then
lastly, again, you have your settings.
cuz you can see what it's connected to.
Asia configuration, cron jobs. This is
honestly really good. Honestly, I'm
probably going to use this as my actual
mission control after seeing how good
this was just in one prompt. Um, I'm
honestly really impressed and I'll make
sure to leave the exact prompt I use in
case you want to replicate this one for
one. Um, in lovable. I'll also leave a
link in the description for getting 20%
off your first month. That way, you can
build this, host on Super Base, super
easy, and then eventually, you know,
connect it to a domain. All this to say,
these are the different mission controls
that you can build. Obviously, we saw
some of the more basic versions. We saw
some kind of intermediate. And lastly,
we saw a more advanced mission control.
And then I showed you exactly how to
rebuild this. And so, if you enjoyed
this, I would much appreciate you hit
the subscribe button and like for future
videos. I'll be posting once a week. And
if you're a serious builder and you're
really looking to take advantage of the
AI movement, the movement of being able
to use AI in order to make money for you
hand over fist, just like I have been
able to do running the number one
lovable agency in the world. I have a
small community now of select builders
that where I'm teaching all the steps
that I've learned in the process. If you
want that, the link will be the first in
the description. With all that being
said, we'll see you on the next video.
Cheers.